Dismiss Quick Tips in E2E test (#7462)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: docs/environment-variables.md

**DISABLE_PREVENT** (bool):
Set this environment variable to disable unwanted `beforeunload` dialogs when reloading or closing the browser. Mostly useful during development. Default: `false`

**DISABLE_QUICK_TIPS** (bool):

> Set this environment variable to disable quick tip from automatically open. Default: `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this environment variable to prevent quick tips from automatically opening. Default: `false`
```
